now these guys I recognized yes so this
is your famous Thomas can we get up here
sure yeah face to face with a baby t-rex
with three t-rex's of different ages on
one platform it's possible for the first
time ever to get an understanding of the
entire life cycle of this legend of the
dinosaur Kingdom they're having a series
of juvenile skeletons like this gives
you insight into the way that dinosaurs
grew absolutely the dinosaurs had growth
spurts so this animal is estimated to
have died at the age of 2 and this one
here is estimated to have died at the
age of 13 there's you know there's a
size discrepancy here but they're also
11 years apart yet this animal is only
four years older than this one yet is
enormous ly bigger than this one what
this is telling you is that between 13
and 17 they were able to add about 1,500
pounds that's what 750 kilograms a year
Wow and when you see the two skeletons
close to each other like that you really
get a kind of physical impression of
that although Thomas towers over the
younger t-rexes even he wasn't fully
grown but at about 17 years old he was
already 11 meters long and over three
tonnes in weight so this is a juvenile
this is normal this is an animal that
probably died at the age of 17 so rather
young so still a teenager
you can tell that it's a juvenile not
only based on the histology on the bone
tissue that for which we have studies of
it but also because there are many bones
that would fused when the animal was a
full-grown that have not yet been fused
and one of them is here the calcaneal
and the struggles are completely infused
and both with the tibia
and it's not just the phenomenal speed
at which they grew that Louis's shedding
light on the final addition to this
platform will be the carcass of another
dinosaur the t-rex is dinner it will
give us an insight into how the three
t-rexes may have interacted so how
realistic do you think it is to show
three tyrannosaurs coming together like
this
we have evidence suggesting that this
animals lived in groups it's very
reasonable to imagine a scene like this
in which you have a juvenile eating a
carcass of a duck-billed dinosaur and
other individuals coming and being
attracted by the carcass if there's
going to be a skeleton here representing
an Edmontosaurus it duck-billed dinosaur
being eaten by the t-rex is there
actually evidence that they at this type
of dinosaur you have evidence in the
shape of bones of duckbills
like edmondo sores that have tooth marks
essentially and those marks those
scratches on the bone coincide well with
the shape of the Crown's of the teeth of
Tyrannosaurus Rex it's quite forensic
you've actually got no marks on a what a
duck-billed dinosaur fantastic